Brawl Costume Manager
v3.0 - Nov. 19, 2013
<http://www.lakora.us/brawl/costumemanager>

Brawl Costume Manager is a .NET application for managing the costume files and
corresponding CSS (character select screen) portraits for each character in
Super Smash Bros. Brawl.

To choose a directory to work in, use the Change Directory button. Select the
folder that contains "fighter" and "system" (usually the "pf" folder.)

The top-left pane shows a list of characters. When you select a character, the
bottom-left pane will show possible costume files for that character from 00
through 09 (cBliss allows 10 costumes for each character) or 00 through 11 for
Wario. Files that don't exist will be in parentheses.

The center pane will show the character if the selected file in the bottom-
left pane is present; if not, the center pane will be blank. Either way, you
can drag and drop a .pac or .pcs file onto it to copy that costume into the
slot. Both .pac and .pcs files will be written automatically. (These changes
are saved immediately.)

The right panels show the portraits from common5.pac/sc_selcharacter.pac,
info/portrite and char_bust_tex. To replace one of these, drag and drop an
image file onto the existing image. Changes to these files will not be saved
until you click the Save button.

*** Options ***
If you're using cBliss, make sure to check the option in the Options menu so
the mappings between costume and portrait numbers are corrected. There's also
an option to swap the two Wario outfits to match P:M.

The top two options in the Options menu - "Limit model viewer to 256x320" and
"+-20 default X bounds" - change the size and zoom levels of the model viewer.
They can be used with the "Screenshot -> portraits" entry in the Tools menu to
take a picture of the model and use it as a temporary CSS portrait.
